now take Aaron your brother and his sons
now take Aaron your brother and his sons with him from among the chill
with him from among the chill
with him from among the chill of Israel that he may minister to me as
of Israel that he may minister to me as
of Israel that he may minister to me as priest Aaron and Aaron's sons made AB a
priest Aaron and Aaron's sons made AB a
priest Aaron and Aaron's sons made AB a by hew Eliezer and if Amma and you shall
by hew Eliezer and if Amma and you shall
by hew Eliezer and if Amma and you shall make holy garments for Aaron your
make holy garments for Aaron your
make holy garments for Aaron your brother for glory and for beauty so you
brother for glory and for beauty so you
brother for glory and for beauty so you shall speak to all who were gifted
shall speak to all who were gifted
shall speak to all who were gifted artisans whom I have filled with the
artisans whom I have filled with the
artisans whom I have filled with the spirit of wisdom that they may make
spirit of wisdom that they may make
spirit of wisdom that they may make Aaron's garments to consecrate him that
Aaron's garments to consecrate him that
Aaron's garments to consecrate him that he may minister to me as priests and
he may minister to me as priests and
he may minister to me as priests and these are the garments which they shall
these are the garments which they shall
these are the garments which they shall make a breastplate an ephod a robe a
make a breastplate an ephod a robe a
make a breastplate an ephod a robe a skilfully woven tunic a turban and a
skilfully woven tunic a turban and a
skilfully woven tunic a turban and a sash so they shall make holy garments
sash so they shall make holy garments
sash so they shall make holy garments for Aaron your brother and his sons that
for Aaron your brother and his sons that
for Aaron your brother and his sons that he may minister to me as priests they
he may minister to me as priests they
he may minister to me as priests they shall take the gold blue purple and
shall take the gold blue purple and
shall take the gold blue purple and scarlet thread and the fine linen and
scarlet thread and the fine linen and
scarlet thread and the fine linen and they shall make the ephod of gold blue
they shall make the ephod of gold blue
they shall make the ephod of gold blue purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven linen artistically worked it shall have
linen artistically worked it shall have
linen artistically worked it shall have two shoulder straps joined at its two
two shoulder straps joined at its two
two shoulder straps joined at its two edges and so it shall be joined together
edges and so it shall be joined together
edges and so it shall be joined together and the intricately woven band of the
and the intricately woven band of the
and the intricately woven band of the ephod which is on it shall be of the
ephod which is on it shall be of the
ephod which is on it shall be of the same workmanship made of gold blue
same workmanship made of gold blue
same workmanship made of gold blue purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven linen then you shall take two onyx
linen then you shall take two onyx
linen then you shall take two onyx stones and engrave on them the names of
stones and engrave on them the names of
stones and engrave on them the names of the sons of Israel six of their names on
the sons of Israel six of their names on
the sons of Israel six of their names on one stone and six names on the other
one stone and six names on the other
one stone and six names on the other stone in order of their birth with the
stone in order of their birth with the
stone in order of their birth with the work of an engraver and stolen like the
work of an engraver and stolen like the
work of an engraver and stolen like the engravings of a signet you shall engrave
engravings of a signet you shall engrave
engravings of a signet you shall engrave the two stones with the names of the
the two stones with the names of the
the two stones with the names of the sons of Israel you shall set them in
sons of Israel you shall set them in
sons of Israel you shall set them in settings of gold and you shall put the
settings of gold and you shall put the
settings of gold and you shall put the two stones on the shoulders of the ephod
two stones on the shoulders of the ephod
two stones on the shoulders of the ephod as memorial stones for the sons of
as memorial stones for the sons of
as memorial stones for the sons of Israel so Aaron shall bear their names
Israel so Aaron shall bear their names
Israel so Aaron shall bear their names before the Lord on his two shoulders as
before the Lord on his two shoulders as
before the Lord on his two shoulders as a memorial you shall also make settings
a memorial you shall also make settings
a memorial you shall also make settings of gold and you shall make two chains of
of gold and you shall make two chains of
of gold and you shall make two chains of pure gold like braided cords and
pure gold like braided cords and
pure gold like braided cords and fastened the braided chains to the
fastened the braided chains to the
fastened the braided chains to the settings you shall make the breastplate
settings you shall make the breastplate
settings you shall make the breastplate of judgment artistically woven according
of judgment artistically woven according
of judgment artistically woven according to the workmanship of the ephod you
to the workmanship of the ephod you
to the workmanship of the ephod you shall make it of gold blue purple and
shall make it of gold blue purple and
shall make it of gold blue purple and scarlet thread and fine woven linen you
scarlet thread and fine woven linen you
scarlet thread and fine woven linen you shall make it it shall be doubled into a
shall make it it shall be doubled into a
shall make it it shall be doubled into a square a span shall be its length and a
square a span shall be its length and a
square a span shall be its length and a span shall be its width and you shall
span shall be its width and you shall
span shall be its width and you shall put settings of stones in it for rows of
put settings of stones in it for rows of
put settings of stones in it for rows of stones the first row shall be a sardius
stones the first row shall be a sardius
stones the first row shall be a sardius a topaz and an emerald this shall be the
a topaz and an emerald this shall be the
a topaz and an emerald this shall be the first row the second row shall be a
first row the second row shall be a
first row the second row shall be a turquoise a sapphire and a diamond the
turquoise a sapphire and a diamond the
turquoise a sapphire and a diamond the third row adjacent and agate and an
third row adjacent and agate and an
third row adjacent and agate and an amethyst and the fourth row a barrel and
amethyst and the fourth row a barrel and
amethyst and the fourth row a barrel and onyx and a jasper they shall be set in
onyx and a jasper they shall be set in
onyx and a jasper they shall be set in gold settings and the stones shall have
gold settings and the stones shall have
gold settings and the stones shall have the names of the sons of Israel 12
the names of the sons of Israel 12
the names of the sons of Israel 12 according to their names like the
according to their names like the
according to their names like the engravings of a signet each one with its
engravings of a signet each one with its
engravings of a signet each one with its own name they shall be according to the
own name they shall be according to the
own name they shall be according to the 12 tribes you shall make chains for the
12 tribes you shall make chains for the
12 tribes you shall make chains for the breastplate at the end like braided
breastplate at the end like braided
breastplate at the end like braided cords of pure gold and you shall make
cords of pure gold and you shall make
cords of pure gold and you shall make two rings of gold for the breastplate
two rings of gold for the breastplate
two rings of gold for the breastplate and put the two rings on the two ends of
and put the two rings on the two ends of
and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate then you shall put the
the breastplate then you shall put the
the breastplate then you shall put the two braided chains of gold in the two
two braided chains of gold in the two
two braided chains of gold in the two rings which are on the ends of the
rings which are on the ends of the
rings which are on the ends of the breastplate and the other two ends of
breastplate and the other two ends of
breastplate and the other two ends of the two braided chains
the two braided chains
the two braided chains you shall fasten to the two settings and
you shall fasten to the two settings and
you shall fasten to the two settings and put them on the shoulder straps of the
put them on the shoulder straps of the
put them on the shoulder straps of the in the front you shall make two rings of
in the front you shall make two rings of
in the front you shall make two rings of gold and put them on the two ends of the
gold and put them on the two ends of the
gold and put them on the two ends of the breastplate on the edge of it which is
breastplate on the edge of it which is
breastplate on the edge of it which is on the inner side of the ephod and two
on the inner side of the ephod and two
on the inner side of the ephod and two other rings of gold you shall make and
other rings of gold you shall make and
other rings of gold you shall make and put them on the two shoulder straps
put them on the two shoulder straps
put them on the two shoulder straps underneath the ephod toward its front
underneath the ephod toward its front
underneath the ephod toward its front right at the seam above the intricately
right at the seam above the intricately
right at the seam above the intricately woven band of the ephod they shall bind
woven band of the ephod they shall bind
woven band of the ephod they shall bind the breastplate by means of its rings to
the breastplate by means of its rings to
the breastplate by means of its rings to the rings of the ephod using a blue cord
the rings of the ephod using a blue cord
the rings of the ephod using a blue cord so that it is above the intricately
so that it is above the intricately
so that it is above the intricately woven band of the ephod and so that the
woven band of the ephod and so that the
woven band of the ephod and so that the breastplate does not come loose from the
breastplate does not come loose from the
breastplate does not come loose from the ephod so Aaron shall bear the names of
ephod so Aaron shall bear the names of
ephod so Aaron shall bear the names of the sons of Israel on the breastplate of
the sons of Israel on the breastplate of
the sons of Israel on the breastplate of judgment over his heart when he goes
judgment over his heart when he goes
judgment over his heart when he goes into the holy place as a memorial before
into the holy place as a memorial before
into the holy place as a memorial before the Lord continually and you shall put
the Lord continually and you shall put
the Lord continually and you shall put in the breastplate of judgement the Urim
in the breastplate of judgement the Urim
in the breastplate of judgement the Urim and the Thummim and they shall be over
and the Thummim and they shall be over
and the Thummim and they shall be over Aaron's heart when he goes in before the
Aaron's heart when he goes in before the
Aaron's heart when he goes in before the Lord so Aaron shall bear the judgement
Lord so Aaron shall bear the judgement
Lord so Aaron shall bear the judgement of the children of Israel over his heart
of the children of Israel over his heart
of the children of Israel over his heart before the Lord continuous
before the Lord continuous
before the Lord continuous you shall make the robe of the ephod all
you shall make the robe of the ephod all
you shall make the robe of the ephod all of blue there shall be an opening for
of blue there shall be an opening for
of blue there shall be an opening for his head in the middle of it it shall
his head in the middle of it it shall
his head in the middle of it it shall have a woven binding all around its
have a woven binding all around its
have a woven binding all around its opening like the opening in a coat of
opening like the opening in a coat of
opening like the opening in a coat of mail so that it does not tear and upon
mail so that it does not tear and upon
mail so that it does not tear and upon its hem you shall make pomegranates of
its hem you shall make pomegranates of
its hem you shall make pomegranates of blue purple and scarlet all around its
blue purple and scarlet all around its
blue purple and scarlet all around its hem and bells of gold between them all
hem and bells of gold between them all
hem and bells of gold between them all around a golden bell and a pomegranate a
around a golden bell and a pomegranate a
around a golden bell and a pomegranate a golden bell and a pomegranate upon the
golden bell and a pomegranate upon the
golden bell and a pomegranate upon the hem of the robe all around
hem of the robe all around
hem of the robe all around and it shall be upon Aaron when he
and it shall be upon Aaron when he
and it shall be upon Aaron when he ministers and its sound will be heard
ministers and its sound will be heard
ministers and its sound will be heard when he goes into the holy place before
when he goes into the holy place before
when he goes into the holy place before the Lord and when he comes out that he
the Lord and when he comes out that he
the Lord and when he comes out that he may not die you shall also make a plate
may not die you shall also make a plate
may not die you shall also make a plate of pure gold and engrave on it like the
of pure gold and engrave on it like the
of pure gold and engrave on it like the engravings of a signet holiness to the
engravings of a signet holiness to the
engravings of a signet holiness to the Lord and you shall put it on a blue cord
Lord and you shall put it on a blue cord
Lord and you shall put it on a blue cord that it may be on the turban it shall be
that it may be on the turban it shall be
that it may be on the turban it shall be on the front of the turban so it shall
on the front of the turban so it shall
on the front of the turban so it shall be on Aaron's forehead that Aaron may
be on Aaron's forehead that Aaron may
be on Aaron's forehead that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the holy things
bear the iniquity of the holy things
bear the iniquity of the holy things which the children of Israel hallow in
which the children of Israel hallow in
which the children of Israel hallow in all their holy gifts and it shall always
all their holy gifts and it shall always
all their holy gifts and it shall always be on his forehead that they may be
be on his forehead that they may be
be on his forehead that they may be accepted before the Lord you shall
accepted before the Lord you shall
accepted before the Lord you shall skilfully weave the tunic of fine linen
skilfully weave the tunic of fine linen
skilfully weave the tunic of fine linen thread you shall make the turban of fine
thread you shall make the turban of fine
thread you shall make the turban of fine linen and you shall make the sash of
linen and you shall make the sash of
linen and you shall make the sash of woven work for Aaron's sons
woven work for Aaron's sons
woven work for Aaron's sons you shall make tunics and you shall make
you shall make tunics and you shall make
you shall make tunics and you shall make sashes for them and you shall make hats
sashes for them and you shall make hats
sashes for them and you shall make hats for them for glory and beauty so you
for them for glory and beauty so you
for them for glory and beauty so you shall put them on Aaron your brother and
shall put them on Aaron your brother and
shall put them on Aaron your brother and on his sons with him you shall anoint
on his sons with him you shall anoint
on his sons with him you shall anoint them consecrate them and sanctify them
them consecrate them and sanctify them
them consecrate them and sanctify them that they may minister to me as priests
that they may minister to me as priests
that they may minister to me as priests and you shall make for them linen
and you shall make for them linen
and you shall make for them linen trousers to cover their nakedness they
trousers to cover their nakedness they
trousers to cover their nakedness they shall reach from the waist to the thighs
shall reach from the waist to the thighs
shall reach from the waist to the thighs they shall be on Aaron and on his sons
they shall be on Aaron and on his sons
they shall be on Aaron and on his sons when they come into the tabernacle of
when they come into the tabernacle of
when they come into the tabernacle of meeting or when they come near the altar
meeting or when they come near the altar
meeting or when they come near the altar to minister in the holy place that they
to minister in the holy place that they
to minister in the holy place that they do not incur iniquity and die
do not incur iniquity and die
do not incur iniquity and die it shall be a statute forever to him and
it shall be a statute forever to him and
it shall be a statute forever to him and his descendants after him
his descendants after him
his descendants after him [Music]